image/visual extendable?
---
http://callofduty.wikia.com/wiki/Zork
http://www.pinheadgames.com/nick-bounty.html
https://www.fantasynamegenerators.com
https://github.com/lordmauve/adventurelib
http://www.gamasutra.com/blogs/JoshGe/20181029/329512/How_to_Make_a_Roguelike.php
https://www.pygame.org
---
Main man: Seth 'Shadow Parag0n' Grant
	Live long and die free.
		hack hard and crash free?
	a 23 years old male human
	He is bald
	He skin is ghostly white
	He stands 167cm (5'4") tall and has a scrawny build
	He has an edgy, forgettable face.
	He fidget intermitenly

Woman: Julia Salazar
	35 years old female human
	She has cropped, auburn mohawk and cyan eyes.
	She has soft, pockmarked, golden skin.
	She stands 152cm (4'11") tall and has an athletic build.
	She has an oval, extremely common face.
	She has a scar on her neck.

Man-in-the-chair: Eduardo 'Sergeant Sploit' Manning
	idioms
		https://www.fantasynamegenerators.com/idiom-generator.php
	59 years old male
	He has cropped, wavy, brown hair shaved on the left side and black eyes.
	He has silky pink skin.
	He stands 164cm (5'4") tall and has a lean build.
	He has a soft, very beautiful face.
	He is easily out of breath.

Villian: Irving Yates
	a 48 years old male human
	He has cropped, wavy, gray hair and blue eyes.
	He has rough brown skin.
	He stands 172cm (5'7") tall and has a round build.
	He has an oval, forgettable face.
	He occasionally squints.

Villian Oginization: Millennium Technology
	Perseverance conquers all.
	Protect, serve, progress.
City Name: Nova Volance
	The megalopolis itself looks surreal
	The main attraction is was the chance to make a name for yourself
	the juxtaposition of the political aristoracs, business magnates, and *something* While still sharing the same streets with Crime lord, cyber sqads, and everyday thugs
	The skyline is spreading with monolithic skyscrapers and they each represent the many different aspects of the city.
	Business is booming in Ebonwick and it has attracted both good and bad attention.
	A many have try to leave their mark on the city, but many are swept away with the crowd.
	What historically was a city of vagabonds has grown into a large techno melting pot and it's this that unites the 5 million inhabitants.

story
	A young man in his early twenties, who can be quite uninhibited.
		hacker
		hardware and software
		need something cool to call it like ics or something
	A woman in her late twenties, who is very helpful.
		lost in bad part of town
		ask for help
		thinks about scamming
		but too wholesome and tells how to leave
		looking for someone tho?
	The story begins in a car park.
		smoking
	Someone is tormented by the memory of a dead family member.
		lost family to hyper aggressive cyber force
		authrity issues
		was minor crime and everyone does it
		dad was cool and someone in power sending a message
	It's a story about sacrifice.
		need to give up life of crime to get better work and go legit
		has authority issues
		knows that life style isn't sustainable
		need reason to give up life of crime
	Your character takes on the role of protector
		not sure if it's cause she's naieve or pretty
		been hurt in the past
		decides to help
gamepaly
	basic text adventue
	instad of fantasy, hacking
		terminals and interactive hacking tho?
